Update channel page (#105)
ClouDesire/docusaurus: docs/channel.md

* **Parent** (the marketplace owner) manage the catalog of products offered by
  ISVs and assign them to Distributors
* **Distributors** sell-in their products to their Resellers (business partners,
  dealers, agents)
* **Resellers** sell-out to End Customers

Each Reseller can bill/invoice autonomously, or on behalf of the Distributors
(useful for **Agents**/**Dealers**).

![parent-child summary schema](/img/docs/parent-child-schema.png)

## Logic along the chain

Channel management has a steep learning curve, let's begin to clarify some of
the most important behaviors.

### Product management and pricing

A product can be sold with the interaction of each user down the chain, from ISV
to the Reseller:

* The Parent manage ISVs, acquiring Products at the *Vendor Price* negotiated
  with the ISV
* The Parent decides the catalog composition for each Distributor, as well as
  the *Wholesale Price* for each Product Plan
* Each Distributor decides the Product Plans that he wants to assign in
  different catalogs, together with the respective *Sell-in Price* applying a
  markup to the *Wholesale Price*. Each Distributor catalog is assigned to one
  or more Resellers.

> * Each Reseller decides the *Sell-out Price* for each Product Plan in one or
>   more catalogs, then can associate an End Customer to a catalog. Each Reseller
>   can manage its own public marketplace with an associated default catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Each Reseller decides the *Sell-out Price* for each Product Plan in one or
  more catalogs. Each Reseller can manage its own public marketplace with an
  associated default catalog, and can associate an End Customer to a specific
  catalog.
```

### Reseller features

> Resellers has access to a unique set of features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resellers have access to a unique set of features:
```
